Update docs on iree-opt to use a file and options that still exist. (#2281)
google/iree: docs/developer_overview.md

[mlir-opt](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/tree/master/mlir/tools/mlir-opt)
and runs sets of IREE's compiler passes on `.mlir` input files. See "conversion"
in [MLIR's Glossary](https://mlir.llvm.org/getting_started/Glossary/#conversion)

> for more information. Compiler "passes" can range from isolated manipulations to
> broad pipelines that encompass a sequence of steps.

Reviewer: A pipeline isn't a pass. It's a series of passes

```suggestion
for more information. Transformations performed by `iree-opt` can range from
individual passes performing isolated manipulations to broad pipelines that
encompass a sequence of steps.
```
